[Autogenerated] Okay, let's continue on.
Let's go ahead and discuss the key CloudWatch concepts that are
important to know for any architect within a W s.
Now AWS provides six key concepts that we need to understand.
The first is name spaces, and this is simply a container for a CloudWatch metric.
So a W S uses name spaces to differentiate the different
metrics that they allow us to collect and track.
The next one we have is metrics.
Now metrics are exactly what they sound like and they represent a time ordered,
which is important a time ordered set of data points that get
pushed to CloudWatch for us to visualize.
The next key concept is dimensions.
Now dimensions are simply a name value pair that is part of a metric now,
a quick way to think of dimensions is a category for certain
characteristics that each metric contains.
Fourth,
we we have statistics and statistics are simply aggregated data from our
metrics that we collect over a certain period of time.
So an example of a statistic would be a minimum,
or maybe an average of a certain metric that were measuring.
The next thing we have is percentiles now a percentile simply indicates,
are standing of a value in a given dataset,
and we'll dive into this a little bit deeper here later on.
The final key concept that we're going to cover is alarms.
Now.
I'm sure it's self-explanatory,
but an alarm is something we create to initiate an action on our behalf,
and we set them up by watching certain metrics over
a time period that we specify.
It's important to know that we're going to cover all of these throughout this
module and you'll see within the console what those look like,
as well as gain some hands on experience in interacting with them. Let's go ahead and wrap up, and I'll see you in the next clip.